Knox cloud services 26.06 release highlights.
Check out the latest features in the Knox Manage new console.
New device management types.
Previously, the new console allowed you to manage only "fully-managed" devices.
With this release, you now have the ability to manage both
personally-owned and company-owned devices with work profiles,
providing greater flexibility in your device management strategy.
These new "work-profile" management types provide full control over the apps,
data, and settings within a device's work profile,
while ensuring no visibility or access to the device's personal profile.
This allows you to manage corporate apps and policies without compromising work
data security or employee privacy.
For company-owned devices,
you can also enforce device-wide configurations and restrictions
that apply to both the "personal" and "work" profiles.
For instance, you can block the installation of specific apps in either profile,
thus ensuring compliance with IT policies while maintaining employee privacy.
Support for organization management.
The new console now introduces organization management,
offering another layer of flexibility in managing users, alongside groups.
Organizations can either be manually created within the console,
or seamlessly synced from an on-premises Active Directory server to Knox Manage.
Additionally, the Organizations feature in the new console automatically
syncs with the original console.
This means if you"ve already set up organizations in the original-console,
you can manage them effortlessly without having to switch,
thus streamlining your workflow and eliminating the need for redundant setups.
Create custom reports.
The new console introduces the ability to create custom reports,
empowering you to accurately track and analyze your fleet data,
make informed decisions,
and optimize your device management strategies.
With eight chart designs to choose from,
you can quickly visualize your data in impactful ways.
For example, you can build a report that shows which apps are installed across
your fleet"s devices, and how many devices use each app,
helping you identify inefficiencies and ensure compliance with IT policies.
In addition to custom reporting,
the new console also provides several pre-built reports to help
you visualize your fleet data without starting from scratch.
Choose from over a dozen pre-built reports, or duplicate a report
to use as a template for your specific business needs.
Scenario-based device actions.
The new console introduces Rules,
a feature that lets you define how devices should behave
when certain conditions are met.
This is ideal for scenarios where devices need to behave differently in specific situations.
For example, you can remove all managed apps, reboot the device,
or send notifications if the SIM card is changed,
or lock the device if it ever leaves a designated geographical area.
This can help prevent unauthorized usage of your corporate devices,
and limit access to sensitive corporate data.
To learn more about the features in this release, or to get additional help at any time,
see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!